bugfix: ignore prefix of Pretty.sharedOption in LLDB commands (#147)
YusukeHosonuma/SwiftPrettyPrint: README.md

$ lowmad install https://github.com/YusukeHosonuma/SwiftPrettyPrint.git
```

**Note:**

> If you already install version 1.1.0 or older via [lowmad](https://github.com/bangerang/lowmad), please remove scripts manually before update. (e.g. `rm /usr/local/lib/lowmad/commands/YusukeHosonuma-SwiftPrettyPrint/swift_pretty_print.py`)

Reviewer: It says `version 1.1.0`, but I think it is hard to understand what version it is referring to.

Author: Clarified.

```suggestion
If you already installed 1.1.0 or older version of SwiftPrettyPrint via [lowmad](https://github.com/bangerang/lowmad), please remove scripts manually before update. (e.g. `rm /usr/local/lib/lowmad/commands/YusukeHosonuma-SwiftPrettyPrint/swift_pretty_print.py`)
```

> This let you to use the lldb command in debug console as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lets you to use the lldb command in debug console as follows:
```

I think it's like this :)
